hi everyone welcome back to another
episode of honeysuckle catering today
I'm going to show you how to make
probably the most popular Vietnamese
drink the Vietnamese coffee also known
as gut facelet at I remember growing up
my dad would make this every morning and
I always thought it smelled so good so
bold you can smell like the chicory of
the French roast coffee that he used
with the condensed milk and it's a sweet
coffee mixture that's unlike any other
that I've ever had before and the best
part of it all is that it's super strong
so you're going to be sure to wake up
okay let's get started you're gonna need
one heaping tablespoon of ground coffee
you can use French Rose if that's
available but I really recommend using
the Cafe Du Monde
or Joule wing which is a roasted coffee
with a little bit of chicory in it a
quarter cup of boiling water a
tablespoon of condensed milk or more if
you'd like it sweeter and then a glass
of ice now a special tool that you're
going to need is this Vietnamese coffee
filter it's basically like a percolator
it has holes in it like this at the
bottom and it just sits right on top of
a cup and then this is like a French
press and you just press the coffee down
so then it just lies on top like this
super easy
so first what you're going to do is take
your ground coffee and pour it into the
coffee filter next take your press piece
and tamp it down on the coffee then
you're going to take your quarter cup of
boiling water and pour it directly into
the filter you're going to wait about
five minutes for it to completely filter
the coffee so this is condensed milk my
dad actually loved to use this brand
it's a ha and condensed milk is actually
cow's milk in which the water has been
removed and it's highly concentrated and
super sweet don't confuse this with
evaporated milk though because there's
typically in the same section so you
want condensed milk once your coffee is
completed with the drip remove the
coffee filter and then take about a
tablespoon of condensed milk and stir it
directly into the coffee
so you have two options now in which you
can either drink it hot or over ice if
you want it over ice just pour the
coffee mixture directly over the glass
of ice now if you want it hot what my
dad used to like to do is that he would
add another I guess a quarter cup of
boiling water into the coffee and then
drink it like that today I'm gonna pour
it over ice and there you have it
the Vietnamese coffee or a cafe sit at I
know it doesn't look like much once you
pour it into a glass like this but it's
super potent ah it's a little bit bitter
but also super sweet at the same time if
that makes sense just try it for
yourself I promise this will be your new
favorite coffee thanks for watching
another episode of honeysuckle catering
if you want to see more recipes please
subscribe above and also let me know how
you like this by commenting below and
then visit my Facebook and I hope to see
you soon bye
Oh